# giftastic
Gif API project

This web application provides user interface for the user to get gif files based on a search string. The web application uses API calls to api.giphy.com to fetch gif images. The user interface is built using mostly bootstrap components. The user can key in a search string and would be able to select the number of images to be fetched. The maximum limit is 25, so the user can either choose a limit from the drop down or be able to manually enter the value. The user would add a button based on search string. On click of the newly added button the web application will automatically fetch the matching gifs from api.giphy.com and render the web page with the static images. The number of images fetched is based on the user selection from the "limit drop down". If user did not choose a limit, the default limit is 10 images. When the user hovers over the images, the web application will animate the speicific image with the corresponding gif animation and will also display the image rating as a tool tip. The maximum number of images per page is 84 and if the limit is reached, the web application automatically enables pagination where the user can see the rest of the images in the consecutive pages. 

Some of the bonus learning I did and implemented in this assignment are Bootstrap look and feel, image limit drop down selection, gif animation on mouse over, rating as a tooltip on mouse over, pagination and navigation thru the pages, custom animation logic to animate the "Giftastic" string with random colors.
